Add a file config source (#397)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: internal/configsource/fileconfigsource/README.md

# File Config Source (Alpha)

Use the file config source to inject YAML fragments or scalars into the
configuration.

## Configuration

> Under the `config_sources:` use `file:` or `file/<name>:` to create a
> file config source. The following parameters are available to
> customize file config sources:

Reviewer: I know this is used elsewhere, but some specificity and removing parameter boilerplate may be helpful (since there is only the optional name):

```suggestion
Under the top-level `config_sources:` component mapping use `file:` or `file/<component_name>:` to create a
file config source capable of reading from subsequently specified files and detecting their changes:
```

```suggestion
Under the `config_sources:` use `file:` or `file/<name>:` to create a
file config source. The following parameters are available to
customize file config sources:
```

```yaml
config_sources:
  file:
```

By default, the config source will monitor for updates on the used files
and will trigger a configuration reload when they are updated. Optionally,

> the config source can be configured to delete the injected file (typically

Reviewer: Mind specifying when the file is deleted?  Appears to be after reading.

Author: Added a blurb for that.

to remove secrets from the file system) or to not watch for changes to the

> file.

Reviewer: Does the reload restart the collector service?  If receivers are temporarily down it would be good to detail this if not done elsewhere.

Author: Added some info about that, likely should add to the other config sources too, will review other README files after adding all planned config sources.
